1.Do you think that someone could hack into your FTP server? Why or why not? Through
what methods?

do you think you could hack into FTP

Yes I do think they could, i leave alot of open recv that are waiting for the next client cmd to come through so while
they are left open waiting i belive you could hack it that way. If someone was able to get acess to my sever code they would find
the list of usernames and passwords. I dont have any SSL implemented over my TCP connection so there is no security provided via
my client sever connection or my data connection so anyone could during the middle process recieve my bytes pretty easily. I constanly
have open listens in the begginging of my servere and during my data connection and there really is no way that i verify that the person connected
to those open listen is the same client or a secure client. If somoene where to intercept the message and get the port that im listening on they could easliy hack in
FTP has no contermeasures to prevent ease dropping if i wanted a more secure sever it would be a better bet to use SFTP. Also the data is not encrypted. Also FTP
has no way of detecting if there is a middle man waiting.

Some of the methods you could use to hack my server would be

    1. packet capture/sniffing all transmmions are redabile via the network and anyone who is connected to it for example wire shark can be used to see the contents
    of the data and what commands are being sent. P
    2. Brute force attack, if a hacker where to continusaly check for frequently used usernames and passwords they could hack in
    3. Port stealing. If they were to intercept or guess the next open port they could hack in and steal data
    4. Through any of the data connection there is no form of verfiction of who is connecting I do not check the mac address or if it is the same client.




2. EXTRA CREDIT: Critique how FTP solves the problem of file transfer – what is good?
What is bad? What is weird?
what is good
1. very simply it provides a relabile and quick way of file transfer between a client and a server
2. I have noticed that it can tranfer pretty big files very quickly so its fast and can send alot of data
3. if multi threaded it can deal with mulitiple clients at once and send vast amount of data to alot of different end systems which can be good
for big companies

whats bad:
there is no security and is very vunerable to attacks as explained above
not all servers and clients are the same and if a client cant hanlde how the data is sent it can cause issues
its not complient with alot of internet rules so when compliance rules apply to companies it fails a lot of them so its not very practical

whats weird:
I think the werid thing is that there are two connections that are open one for client request and sever repsonces and one for data. Not a bad thing I just thought its werid
I dont really feel like there is a standization to them like you can take a lot of short cuts and it will work even if its not right.
its hard to error check sometimes youll get erros that you just wont understand
There is a lot of logical order to them and if a user doesnt know it will be hard to interact with the system


3. EXTRA CREDIT: How hard would it be to make FTP use one channel (both command and
data over the same socket) instead of two?
I think it would be pretty hard because you couldnt use the FTP protacl and you would have to define a new protocal
a new RFC and a new set of rules logic DFA. It wouldnt just be a few changes in your code but a entire new approach to
how you would set up your server. It would essintally not be FTP so I belive it would make the problem alot more complex.
